Now that we can add new Todo items to our list as well as toggle them,
and we can also add new goals to our goals list.
The next functionality we need to add is being able to remove any one of these items.
So back in our code here,
right above our AddTodoToDOM function,
we're going to create a little helper function here called createRemoveButton.
And what it's going to do is it's going to take in an onClick callback.
It's then going to create
a brand new button by using create element passing in the string button.
We also want to say that this buttons in our HTML,
it's just going to be a capitalist X,
and then we want to say whenever this button is clicked on,
so we will call addEventListener parsing in the string click.
Whenever the button is clicked on,
we want to invoke the onclick function that
was first parsed in one we called createRemoveButton.
And then from there we want to just say returnRemoveButton.
So now inside of addTodoToDOM right here,
let's go ahead and create a new button.
So we will say removeButton equals.
We want to invoke createRemoveButton.
And now we want to pass it to
the function which is going to be called when this button is clicked.
And if you remember,
in order for us to remove an item from the state of our store,
what we want to call is this action creator right here.
So RemoveTodoAction parsing in the ID of the Todo item.
So we will say is store.dispatch,
and we want to invoke RemoveTodoAction parsing in the ID of the Todo item,
which we can get from calling todo.id.
And now, all we need to do is we can come in here and say after you
append the text to the node go ahead and also append this remove button.
So now if we look at the UI here,
whenever we add a new Todo item,
we have a button here,
and when we click on it,
that item gets removed from the state
of our store which means it also gets removed from the UI.
So let's go ahead and now do the exact same thing inside of addGoalToDOM.
So we can also remove goal items from the state of our store.
So, just as we did before let's create
a another remove button variable here, by invoking createRemoveButton.
And when this button is clicked on,
what we want to dispatch is our removeGoalAction parsing it the ID of this goal,
which we can get from goal.id.
And then now we also want to append that onto our node,
so we can call appendChild parsing in a remove button.
So just to make sure that this works,
we can say Learn Redux.
Let's also give it one more. Say run a marathon.
And then now we can come in here and remove
one which removes it from the state of our store,
which means it also removes it from the UI.
So, now last thing,
just a small thing,
I'm going to come, and delete all of these dispatches now.
Because we don't need to keep them around.
Because what we've done is we've taken
all those dispatches and hooked them up to our actual UI.
So now, in order to update the state of our store,
we can do that by doing it through our UI.